# Intro to JavaScript

### Lesson1 : What is JavaScript? (1h)
Learn the history of JavaScript and start writing your code immediately using the JavaScript console

#### Intro to JavaScript
- The opportunities with JavaScript are endless.
- You'll learn about the foundations of the JavaScript programming language.

#### History of JavaScript
- ~~LiveScript~~
- JavaScript
- ECMAScript (ES5 or ES6)
- ECMAScript (ES2016 or ES2016)

※ HTML and CSS are __markup languages__. Markup languages are used to describe and define elements within a document. JavaScript is a __programming language__. Programming languages are used to communicate instructions to a machine. Programming languages can be used to control the behavior or a machine and to express algorithms.

#### The JavaScript Console
- How to use Chrome Dev Tools (Console)
- alert("Hello");

#### Developer Tools on Different Browser
- Chrome (Command + Option + i)
- Firefox (Command + Option + i)
- Internet Explorer (F12)
- Edge (F12)
- Safari (Command + Option + i)
- Opera (Command + Option + i)

#### console.log
- console.log("hello");

#### javascript Demo
- question1 = css control.
- question2 = add image using js.

#### Summary
- All major browsers come with built-in JavaScript Engines
- How to Using JavaScript Console.
- Added Styles & Animations.

### Lesson2 : Data Types & Variables (2h)
#### 1. Intro to Data Types
#### 2. Numbers
#### 3. Comments
#### 4. Quiz: First Expression (2-1)
#### 5. Strings
#### 6. String Concatenation
#### 7. Variables
#### 8. Quiz: Converting Temperatures (2-2)
#### 9. String Index
#### 10. Escaping Strings
#### 11. Comparing Strings
#### 12. Quiz: Favorite Food (2-3)
#### 13. Quiz: String Equality for All (2-4)
#### 14. Quiz: All Tied Up (2-5)
#### 15. Quiz: Yosa Buson (2-6)
#### 16. Booleans
#### 17. Quiz: Facebook Post (2-7)
#### 18. Null, Undefined, and NaN
#### 19. Equality
#### 20. Quiz : Semicolons! (2-8)
#### 21. Quiz : What's my Name (2-9)
#### 22. Quiz : Out to Dinner (2-10)
#### 23. Quiz : Mad Libs (2-11)
#### 24. Quiz : Own Awesome Message (2-12)
#### 25. Lesson2 Summary

### Lesson3 : Conditionals (2h)

### Lesson4 : Loops (2h)

### Lesson5 : Functions (2h)

### Lesson6 : Arrays (2h)

### Lesson7 : Objects (2h)


## See also
- [JavaScript Basics](https://in.udacity.com/course/javascript-basics--ud804)
- [About JavaScript | MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/About_JavaScript)
## References
- [Intro to JavaScript](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-javascript--ud803)

## External links
- etc
